Upgrade to native React Compiler build/lint and category-based oxlint config (#427)
acusti/uikit: .changeset/css-value-input-first-react-compiler-release.md

---
'@acusti/css-value-input': patch
---

Compile with React Compiler

CSSValueInput picked up `react: true` (enabling React Compiler) in its vite
config after its last release, so this is the first published build
compiled with React Compiler — via @acusti/vite-plugin-react-compiler,
which runs the compiler through oxc-transform-react (the native Node
bindings for the oxc project's Rust port), rather than the Babel-based
pipeline the sibling packages in this repo are moving off of. Output is
verified equivalent to the Babel-based compiler: React Compiler memoization

> is present with zero compiler bailouts. No API or behavior changes.

Author: this if for external consumers of the library, skip any inside baseball stuff. it should be written with just the info that is useful to someone using or considering using this package

Author: Fair, rewrote it (and the sibling `adopt-native-react-compiler.md` changeset, since it had the same problem — mentioned `oxc-transform-react`, the Rust port, the Babel pipeline being replaced, which other packages share the change). Both now just say the build runs through React Compiler, output is verified equivalent, no API/behavior changes. Pushed in 3799e1c.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

---
'@acusti/css-value-input': patch
---

Compile with React Compiler

> This package's build now runs through React Compiler, so its internals are

Author: ```suggestion
This package’s build now runs through React Compiler, so its internals are
```

Author: Applied, pushed in b2c1f0f.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
